---
title: 2023/10/26 note
date: 2023-10-26 22:28:25
categories: ["Personal reflections"]
tags: ["notes"]
cover: http://hexo.yellowwei.cn/pic/2023-10-26.jpg
---

# The summary of today

### In morning

- Our whole class conducted a physical examination, which spent my whole morning.
- I took the physical test until 11 pm, then went to the cafeteria and bought a meal to go back to the dormitory. After finishing the meal, I almost had to go to class, so I basically didn't do anything all morning.

### In afternoon

- We took a computer network course until 3 o'clock, but I was very confused during this class and felt like I didn't learn anything. I spent two hours in a daze. (Overall, my inner self was not strong enough and I was easily influenced by external factors.)
- After coming back, I spent two hours playing games, then slept for a while and went to have dinner.

### In evening

- After listening to a lecture on the postgraduate entrance examination, I learned some related knowledge about the exam
- Then came back and took a shower, submitted a PR , and watered down the active level of GitHub .
- Finally, I wrote a diary. I really don't know what to do.

# Tomorrow's plan

- The first session in the morning is a course on mobile computing. Continue to complete projects on YouTube and complete as many as possible.
- The second lesson is embedded experiments, then find a position and continue to do my thing.
- To sum up, one should learn to be a smart person, rather than a sensitive, fragile, and foolish person.
- No classes in the afternoon, going to the self-study room to study YouTube projects.
