---
title: 2023/10/24 note
date: 2023-10-24 18:59:19
category: ["Personal reflections"]
tags: ["notes"]
---

# My mood at the moment

Overall, I am feeling very depressed now. On the one hand, I am troubled by the interpersonal relationships around me, on the other hand, I blame myself for not being strong enough, and on the other hand, I retreat because of technical difficulties. Recently, my life may not be as happy as I imagined. I have no friends or opposite-sex friends around me, and I don't know who to talk to about a lot of things that need to be confided in. I also increasingly understand the principle that the older I grow, the more lonely I become. But I think that even when people are in a low point, they should still have hope. Only by unremitting efforts can they possibly live the life they want and become the person they want to be. Everything will slowly come in the near future. The harder I work, the luckier I get. I hope I can stick to my beliefs in the coming days and keep going!

# Technical difficulties encountered

- Next-auth To be honest, I don't really like using this next-auth. Its configuration is very cumbersome, but many tutorials on YouTube only have the content of next-auth. If I don't use it, I need to integrate clerk - a third-party login authorization service
- Prisam this thing is also very troublesome, although it is convenient for programmers do not need to build tables in the database, write SQL statements, but it increases the learning cost, first of all, its documentation I can not understand, Youtube tutorial is not comprehensive, resulting in my understanding of it is not very thorough, its table structure will not be built, and even the command to generate the database are not familiar
- Trpc doesn't understand at all currently...

# To do list

- Complete a full stack website and use more technology stacks
- Improve your resume by adding descriptions of personal blogs and full stack websites
- Ready to learn Flutter
