---
title: 2023/10/31 note
date: 2023-10-31 11:01:05
categories: ["Personal reflections"]
tags: ["notes"]
cover: https://www.yellowwei.cn/img/2023-10-31.jpg
---

# My thoughts this morning

- Brave people enjoy the world first, and all the beauty in the world must belong to brave people first.
- Brave people dare to face challenges and are not afraid of difficulties. They believe that every setback is an opportunity for growth, and every failure is a step towards success. Brave people understand that life is not waiting for the storm to pass, but learning to dance in the rain. They bravely pursue their dreams without being influenced by others' judgment and questioning.
- Brave people have firm beliefs and self-confidence. They know that inner strength is stronger than external resistance. Brave people understand self-discipline and self-control, can overcome temptations, and stay away from negative influences. They do not give up easily, and can maintain optimism and perseverance even in difficult situations.
- Brave people are good at taking risks and dare to try new things. They know that only by constantly trying can they discover their potential and possibilities. Brave people are not afraid of the unknown, but use courage to explore the future. They are willing to take risks because they understand that without risks, there are no opportunities, and without opportunities, there is no growth.
- Brave people know how to cherish the present and appreciate every beautiful moment in life. They experience life with their hearts and treat the world with love. Brave people understand that happiness is not something they pursue, but a mindset and attitude towards life. They cherish everything they have in front of them, while also bravely pursuing a better future.
- Brave people constantly learn and grow. They know that knowledge is the power to change their destiny. Brave people bravely face their own shortcomings and accept criticism and suggestions. They constantly improve themselves and pursue progress because they understand that only by constantly learning can they not be abandoned by the times and maintain competitiveness.
- Brave people are optimistic and believe that every day is a new beginning. They face every challenge with a positive attitude and overcome every difficulty with a tough will. Brave people believe that tomorrow will be better because they know that a brave life will not disappoint their efforts and persistence.
- Hold onto your principles and bottom line, only in this way can you win the respect of others
- Improve IQ when alone, improve EQ when with others
