---
title: 2023/10/27 note
categories:
tags:
  - notes
cover: 'https://www.yellowwei.cn/img/2023-10-27.jpg'
abbrlink: 63745
date: 2023-10-27 22:28:03
---

# Understanding of emotional intelligence

- The so-called emotional intelligence is essentially thinking from the perspective of others, speaking and doing things can not only meet the needs of others, but also satisfy one's own needs.
- When being with others, if you are just getting to know them, emotional intelligence is where it comes in handy. Only by considering things from the perspective of others without harming your own interests, is it worth doing.
- When the two become familiar with each other, they can joke around appropriately, and the other party won't mind.
- So I still prefer to stay alone in one place, so that I can only consider myself without being distracted by others. I really like this state, and at the same time, I can constantly improve my abilities.

# Awareness of the strong

- First of all, the strong never feel strong, but this is somewhat different from inferiority. The strong should be in a state of confidence. Many things are dialectically unified, and any extreme will cause problems. They are neither arrogant nor inferior, commonly known as neither humble nor arrogant.
- Secondly, the strong will change themselves according to the needs of others, in order to achieve their own goals. When looking for a job, they are like sellers, while the boss is like a buyer. How to promote oneself is a skill.
- Only by standing in the perspective of others, measuring oneself by their standards, and improving oneself, can one meet the needs of others well. I strive to achieve whatever standards they want.
- Pursuing a girl is the same. Only by satisfying what she needs can she satisfy what you need. Don't think from your own perspective. What you think is good for her may not be what she needs. Only by prescribing the right medicine can you increase the possibility.

Here is a link to the article I read
https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/QQzulh1F5bE0B5Lz3MmLew
https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/fAzbTfky5q5-y692W04YQw
